# Dark Fantasy Interactive Story & Mini‑Games A **React + TypeScript** web app built with Vite, Tailwind CSS, and the **shadcn/ui** component library. It lets players: - ✨ Create a custom dark‑fantasy character - 📖 Explore a branching story with rich text and choices - 🎮 Play mini‑games (Trivia, Memory Match) that track scores - 📊 View a dashboard with time‑spent and recent activity stats ## Live Demo [https://your‑username.github.io/dark-fantasy-app](#) *(replace with your GitHub Pages URL)* ## Features - **Responsive design** – mobile‑first layout, works on all screen sizes. - **Custom dark‑fantasy theme** – Tailwind colors, gothic fonts, and animated UI. - **Accessibility** – Skip link, ARIA live region for spell casting, proper contrast. - **State persistence** – Scores and time spent are saved in `localStorage`. - **Reusable components** – Character creator, story interface, magic system, inventory, etc. ## Tech Stack - React 19 + TypeScript - Vite (fast dev server & build) - Tailwind CSS + shadcn/ui components - React Router v6 for navigation - Lucide‑react icons - React‑Query, Zod, and other utilities for future extensions ## Getting Started ```bash # Clone the repo git clone https://github.com/your-username/dark-fantasy-app.git cd dark-fantasy-app # Install dependencies npm install # Run locally npm run dev ``` The app will be available at `http://localhost:8080`. ## Building for Production ```bash npm run build # Preview the build npm run preview ``` ## Deploy to GitHub Pages 1. Build the app: ```bash npm run build ``` 2. Push the `dist` folder to the `gh-pages` branch: ```bash git checkout --orphan gh-pages git --work-tree dist add --all git --work-tree dist commit -m "Deploy" git push origin gh-pages --force ``` 3. In the repository settings enable **GitHub Pages** from the `gh-pages` branch. ## Project Structure ``` src/ ├─ components/ # UI components (game, layout, accessibility) ├─ pages/ # Route pages (Index, Games, Settings, Dashboard, etc.) ├─ hooks/ # Custom React hooks ├─ lib/ # Utility functions (cn, typography) ├─ types.ts # TypeScript interfaces for story nodes └─ App.tsx # Router configuration ``` ## Contributing Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests. Guidelines: - Keep components small and focused. - Follow the existing Tailwind and shadcn/ui styling conventions. - Ensure new UI respects the dark‑fantasy color palette and contrast rules. ## License MIT © 2024 Your Name --- *Made with ❤️*